1- Create react app inside a folder that must exist in the desktop. Run it!
2- Create react app in the PC's default location. Run it!
3- Create and render and example of JSX.
4- Create a custom component inside the components folder that needs to live inside src folder.
    This component needs to take props. Pass in 3 props to the component. Render it 3 times with different values assigned to it.
5- Use the ternary operator instead of IF/ELSE, to conditionally return something.
6- Conditional Rendering: using the ternary operator show 1 example for the longer version and 1 example for shorter version.
7- Conditional Rendering: Combine ternary operator and conditional styling.
8- Conditional Rendering: Set triple styling using ternary operator.
9- Conditional Rendering: Render a given HTML TAG only if a given variable is set to true.
10- Update a counter variable when buttons "+" and "-" are pressed, using react state.
11- Loop through an array and display each name on a single line.
12- Loop through an array of objects and display the name using the implicit return method.
13- Loop through an array of objects and display the name and age for each user inside a custom component.
14- Loop through the planets array and using an IF statment, only render the name of the planets that are a gas planet!
15- Loop through the planets array and using the TERNARY operator, only render the name of the planets that are a gas planet!
16- Loop through the planets array and using the TERNARY operator and &&, only render the name of the planets that are a gas planet!
17- Loop through the array and only render the names of the girls that are 'hot', 'female' and over 25 years old.
18- Create an example where you use useState() + Input TAG + onChange={} event.
19- Show / Hide (Toggle) something everytime a button is clicked!
20- Start showing text in black. When the button is cliked turns to green. Everytime the button gets clicked the color toggles.
21- Explicar detalhadamente os passos: Como estruturar a lógica para um botão ir alternando a cor do texto, a cada vez que é clicado.
22- Using react create and display a counter. This counter must have 3 buttons: increment, decrement, reset the counter.
23- Use useEffect() to change the browser tab name to a custom message. Tip: document.title.
24- Create a To-do List: Display all to-dos on the page.
25- Create a To-do List: Display all to-dos on the page + DELETE (LONGER VERSION) individual todo.
(In this version if there are 2 or more exact to-dos both will be eliminated even if 1 single delete button is pressed).
26- Create a To-do List: Display all to-dos on the page + DELETE (SHORTER VERSION) individual todo.
(In this version if there are 2 or more exact to-dos both will be eliminated even if 1 single delete button is pressed).
27- Use map() to get data from the internal JSON file. (Also when nested). Make sure to confirm that there are records to be rendered on the page!
28- WHEN should you run the command 'npm init' and WHY? I can run the command 'npm init' WHEN I want do build my node_modules folder when it does not exist.